24-25 R4 PS vs HH | Nice to meet you, everyone. This is the 4th round match between women's Heungkuk Life Insurance and Hyundai Engineering & Construction today in the Dodram 2024 2025 Brig of SBS Sports. I will send it to you with commentator Cha Sang-hyun from Incheon.
How are you? Yes, how are you? Yes, the Lunar New Year holiday begins today. a woman who marks the beginning of the holiday.
It's the best big match. Heungkuk Life and Hyundai Engineering & Construction's Heunghyunjeon is...
It's the best big match for women. Oh, that's right. Finally.
Today is here. If you're a volleyball fan, today's game...
I'm sure you've been waiting for a long time.
I'm looking forward to the game. That's right.
Currently, there is a three-point gap between Heungkuk Life Insurance and Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
Heungkuk Life lost 14 games in a row and it was a bit difficult.
I've recently won two games in a row.
It's been a while since I changed the flow. Right.
It was a bit difficult after the pitchman's injury.
We're going to reorganize the team again.
Matap has some ups and downs in each game, but I think he's adjusted to some extent. That's right. Heungkuk Life is getting ready to run away again.
To Hyundai Engineering & Construction,
There have been a few times. I had a few chances to catch up, but I was frustrated.
In the end, Hyundai Engineering & Construction has to lead this confrontation to victory.
You can look at the front. That's right. People say that today's game can be a six-point game.
In some cases, it's up to 6 points or even a tie.
It's that situation, but we have to wait and see.
That's right. Let's see if Hyundai Engineering & Construction will reduce the point gap.
It's a big match that I'm looking forward to seeing if I can get to the front.
Actually, not only the two teams, but Chung has narrowed the gap to 12 consecutive wins.
It was formed into a three-way structure. Right, the best 3 teams are in place.
Depending on how the game goes today, it's a matter of whether you can afford one or two games or if you continue to play under pressure.
So I think I'm more interested in today's game.
If Heungkuk Life loses today, it will be able to keep the lead position because there are many wins.
Will it happen here?
Whether Hyundai Engineering & Construction narrows down, it is a story that will inevitably draw considerable attention to today's economy.
It's a 3.6-point game.
The two teams that are preparing for today's game will get 3 points.
If you win, the gap could be eliminated. If you win, it could be up to 6 points.
The dynamic example is at a crossroads. That's right. As I said before, the point management...
It's a very important time.
Depending on the result of today's game,
It became a situation where I was chased or whether I could chase or not. That's right.
Compared to other games,
There's bound to be a bit more nervous.
I don't think so. Let's see which team will get this point today.
The schedule for the fourth round is January 30th after today's match in Heungkuk Life. Next Thursday, I'm going to meet the articles of association.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction will hold a match against GS Caltex on the 29th, the day of next week's Lunar New Year.
This is the end of the 4th round.
I don't think I need to explain more about Chung's momentum.
GS has also become scary recently, so I think both teams will be really important in finishing this fourth round. That's right. Coincidentally, considering the team's recent mood and performance, Jeong Kwan-jang is the best right now.
GS Caltex has had a hard time for a while,
For the first time this season, the atmosphere is completely up now with two consecutive wins. Yes, I have to prepare that.
This is Hyundai Engineering & Construction. Heungkuk Life is also the first match of the 5th round in Gyeonggi Province.
Today, Hyundai Engineering & Construction and Chung will play the best against the leading Mercury.
That's right. It's a schedule that can be a challenge. It could be the biggest challenge. Yes.
Let's see how many points we've won in these three games.
We'll see if we can secure it, and we'll see if it's possible.
A green light for the lead.
It may continue or a little yellow light may come on. Round 12 for this season's showdown.
Heungkuk Life won 3 to 1.
In the third round, Hyundai Engineering & Construction took another 3-0 first out victory. That's right. First of all, 3.
The results came out until the round, but coincidentally, it's going the same way as last season.
Heungkuk Life won the 12th round last season.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction won the third round.
I'm also curious about the results today. That's right.
Heungkuk Life won the 125th round last season.
That's right. Let's see what the 4th round is like.
I'm not sure if the two teams are going to play.
I remember it was always hot because we had a match.
Matteiko will come in and play 5 games today.
Prior to the IBK, he scored 12 points and had a 30.3% attack success rate.
From the third set, it didn't come out as a starting.
That's right. With Matteiko out, Heungkuk Life's performance was better.
There was a situation, and I think one round...
I'm a matake player who hasn't finished yet.
I think we need a little more time. That's right. I think it's still an opportunity to adjust to the situation. We talked about it, but they said it's early.
I hope that the player will show 100% of his skills.
I think I'll be waiting for Korean life. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is really sad about the last game.
We lost in the 5th set against Jeong.
Especially, what was overturned in this set was a really incredible flow. Right. It was a set that I really didn't want to remember. Even when I saw it,
I didn't think so, but the game ended up losing in the second set.
I got one point,
It was a good chance to get 3 points. It was such a bummer.
We were ahead 24 to 19 in the second set.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction can win today without difficulty.
It was that kind of trend, but Jeong Kwan-jang turned it upside down there and made a great victory.
Director Kang Seok-young has a lot of worries between Jung Ji-yoon and Ko Hyerim.
Considering the overall sense of receiving and stability, Ko Hye-rim is right. But Jung Ji-hoon is definitely strong in attack and blocking height.
There's a stomach. That's right. Whether to pressure the opponent or make our team play more smoothly.
He's the biggest director, Kang Sung-hyun. Yes.
In the end, we're going to have to pull out the strengths of the two outs together as much as possible. Yes, of course. Yes.
Let's check the starting list in a little while to see which player will come in first today.
Two veterans representing the Korean volleyball league.
It's a face-to-face match between players. Kim Hyun Kyung and
HYOJIN, you're doing great this season.
Right. First of all, the leader of both teams, Kim Hyunkyung and Hyojin.
He is seen as a big player, and today, Kim Hyun-kyung will see how successful the attack will be.
Yang Hyo-jin said how successful Kim Yeon-koung was.
It's a battle between a spear and a shield. That's right.
Announcer Kim Se-yeon met before the head coach match between Heungkuk Life Insurance and Hyundai Engineering & Construction. Let's check out the interview.
Let's meet the director of Heungkuk Life Insurance. The team is back on the winning streak. It's a very important time to continue the atmosphere. What did you prepare for the rest of the day ahead of today's game?
Yes, you also expressed a little regret about your performance. Actually, it's not a long time now, but you watched four games with Matteiko. How are you going to use Matteiko in the future? Way to go!
Yes, and we have a very important match against Hyundai Engineering & Construction today. In order not to be disappointed, what do you think the players must show in today's game?
Yes, we look forward to a great game today. Thank you.
We met the director of Heungkuk Life Insurance. Let's meet director Kang Sung-hyun of Hyundai Engineering & Construction. We fought well until the end, but unfortunately, we lost, so I think you would have left some lingering feelings.
What did you talk a lot about to the players after this? Well, the result was one point in the second set. Of course, we'll have to win that and see what's next until the end, but it was a bit disappointing at the end. But...
What I'm saying to the players after that day is that I hope the result will be won and 100% satisfied, but I think I talked a lot about the game. I'm in the fourth round of this season, but I'm in the fourth round.
He complimented us that our performance was so good that we could count it in our fingers. In fact, I showed that Wi-Fi also came back to life, and there were definitely some positive factors.
I'm going to make the team better in the future. Have you got your bearings? So, the physical burden is increasing. You have to carry MOA with you. But it's a teamwork game.
I think it's a direction where everyone gets through it together. Volleyball, I think the overall team work is important now how much you will improve your skills. Yes, and we have an important game with 6 points today.
What kind of lineup are you drawing today? It's our first match against foreign Matteiko players. I think we should keep an eye on that.
Moma is under a lot of pressure on the offense side, and I think the middle and outside side should help a lot. Yes, yes. We look forward to a great game today. Oh, thank you.
We met the director of Hyundai Engineering & Construction Kang Sung-hyun.
We've even heard the stories of director Agon and director Kang Sung-hyun. It's going to be the biggest watershed in the fight for first place.
Heungkuk Life Insurance and Hyundai Engineering & Construction's fourth Heunghyun exhibition of the season will start in earnest in a little while. This is Samsan World Gymnasium in Incheon.
Join us in the UNHCR emergency relief fundraising.
Now Ukrainian refugees are suffering from a severe winter.
Many refugee children are exposed to hypothermia pneumonia.
a warm place and blanket for children
I need emergency relief.
Please help me now.
The refugees who barely survived the bombing...
Survival is threatened again by winter.
You can get them for 10,000 won per month.
The U.N. refugee agency is doing its best on the ground.
But with your help,
More lives could be saved.
Call 1899 5775 now to help families of refugees who have to endure the harsh winter.
Yes, it's Samsan World Gymnasium in Incheon again. Singer Hyorin came out at the first pitch of the game today.
Last season, he threw the first pitch here in Incheon during the opening game, and Heungkuk Life won again that day, so he came back with good energy. That's right.
In fact, he continues to cheer for Heungkuk Life. There are so many celebrities and sports fans these days.
He's turning it over. It's not easy to turn the net over. It's not easy. I'm not confident either. It looks like it. Yes, today, Heungkuk Life Insurance and Hyundai Engineering & Construction's
It's a starting lineup. Heungkuk Life is in front of Kim Soo-ji from the 1st place. Jung Yoon-ju, Peach Lee Bo-eun, Kim Hyun-kyung, and Shin Hyun-kyung from Libero.
From No. 1 spot, Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd. has Yang Hyo-jin as the mother of Wipawi.
I'm Jung Ji Yoon Lee Da Hyun Kim Dine Libero Kim Hyun Kyun. both teams
All the members who can participate are participating. Yes.
Today's referee Kang Joo-hee, referee Na Byung-soo, referee, Lee Myung-hee, and referee Jung Yoo-yeon.
If you look at it from a different perspective today, Jung Ji-hoon and Matake's performance is very important. Yes.
If Matteiko plays with Kim Hyun-kyung, the overall balance will be better. Literally, the triangular formation is completed. Yes.
Currently, Jung Ji-hoon came into the fourth round, so his record actually fell a little. It fell a lot. As I said before, Jung Ji-hoon's performance from the beginning is really important. Yes.
Now, let's start the first set match between the two teams. Heungkuk Life's first server, Kim Su-ji, was shaken by the reception. Body Out.
Your Blocking Lee Bo-eun Back Course Matteiko Hyundai Engineering & Construction also had Kim Yeon-gyeon, who blocked effectively. Oh, my blue.
Heungkuk Life Insurance is off to a good start, and the first breaking is shown with Peach's hands. That's right.
Now, it's quite meaningful that we blocked Roma's attacks. It's a pitch that gained a head start as soon as it started.
This time, as Jung Ji-yoon approaches, she drops consecutive hits. BoA
The ball to Mohan fell a little lower than I thought, so the timing wasn't exactly right now, but he scored. Yes.
A lot of spectators came today, and each goal is very important.
It's out. Yang Hyo-jin's serve mistake. The first mistake and the second one after 20 points are the most important.
In particular, today could be an important situation. Yes, Matteiko, serve low.
a time difference player
Oh, first of all, as I scored, I slightly bumped into Lee Go-hoon, but first of all, there's nothing wrong, and Jung Ji-hoon didn't wait for the long side in the beginning, so I've already prepared to go in that short. Yes.
Oh, it's pushed back. It's the second time I've made a sub-fault of Roman law, and it's definitely true that I have to try hard first. Yes.
Following Yang Hyo-jin, Momado's law of serve came out. Jung Yoon-joo's serve was sharp. a direct book
Kim Hyunkyun's dig.
Roma calmly blocking no one covered. Now, rather than a strong ball, I put it in the conti and thought about the next thing. I'm getting broken again.
I like the pitch that caught the second mobile attack. All right.
Jung Ji-yoon hits Kim Hyun-kyung and Rishi with Kim Da-in under. Jung Hyunjoo picked it up.
I couldn't attack it and passed it.
Kim Hyun-kyun, Kim Da-in time difference, Jung Ji-yoon, has received Wi-Fi again. It doesn't fit well in the front of the body.
Shin Hyun-kyung's ball, Kim Hyun-kyung. Pushing.
I saved it and handed it over. The rally continues.
Science and engineering is a high success. Kim Hyun-kyu
After scoring, Kim Hyun-kyung asked the science and engineering center to put it a little more inward. Yes. The first time I hit Pushing, the defense hit back, and the second one fell a little less than Kim Hyun-kyung wanted.
We keep doing that, but if we cover it without ending it at once, but if we put the connecting part a little more inward, we just have to go with more detail. If you don't finish it at once anyway, you should connect it to the second and third.
And just now, Yeonkyung was down on TV. Hurry up and watch it and come out.
I was going to move a lot in the beginning, but I was going to.
The two teams may be in a similar situation, but yes.
In order for Hyundai Engineering & Construction to do well today,
Moma's performance is very important.
Oma played in the second round against Heungkuk Life Insurance and now fell out due to injury, and in the last third round, he scored 11 points while playing in the third set.
We recorded a 42.3% attack success rate.
My shoulders are quite heavy. All right.
in front of one's body
This is out.
I'm not sure. When we start making mistakes,
In fact, it's not easy to relieve the life of Heungkuk from Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
There are some toss mistakes of Kim Dine Centa right now. Yes.
Take this pie well, and I'll go back to Moma. Yes, I'm going to pierce it this time. So to a certain extent, the ball that suits Moma's taste should come up and become a mistake, but eventually, Moma is also a human being.
There are definitely ups and downs and conditions of this emotion. Yes, it's a very important part. I'm out. Jung Ji-yoon's serve mistake is the third consecutive serve mistake. That's right. That's how much...
I think it can be said that Hyundai Engineering & Construction is nervous. Yes, Hyojin and Rome Jung Jihoon. Sub by Bumchi Kitch.
a serve score
First of all, Heungkuk Life is taking the lead with Peach's breaking and serve in the beginning. Heungkuk Life is ahead by 8 to 3. This is Incheon.
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture. The Appearance of Real Furniture that You Can't Tell Only by Touching
The real furniture of people who know something.
Hypers
Now, Peach is creating a very good atmosphere for the team, from the first two blocking points to the serve points. That's right. In Heungkuk Life, if you get two blocks from Moma,
There's nothing bad about it. Yes, in that state, if you go to the rear and make a serve ace, Heungkuk Life will become more comfortable today. Heungkuk Life is leading by 8 to 35 points in the first set.
Once again, Kim Hyung-kyun, a sub of the stroke, picked it up. Off to the left, two-way successful.
I'm not sure right now. There's a little bit of shaking in receptions, but Kim Dine Center's accuracy at the beginning of the first set is falling a lot right now. Yes.
There's not a lot of accurate attack attempts right now. That's right. Hyundai E&C was the first to serve on Lee Da-yeon's serve. Kim Hyun-kyu
First of all, Igu Center knows for sure that there is a Kim Dine Center on the previous side. Yes, if Kim Hyun-kyung is in an avant-garde, the accuracy of the ball raised like this may be the best. Right.
I got the RBI right. Kim Hyun-kyung's Score
Lee Goeun sub Kim Da-in, Baekgeo team Roma.
It's going to the right. Way to go!
I saved it. Goma passed it. Matteiko.
Lee Veterans' Choice Vaccine Ho Matco's Score
It's his first score, and Matake clearly looks nervous on his face. Yes, it's the most pressure and most important game he's played in Korean volleyball. Right.
You have to overcome this. You have to be able to enjoy the tension to become a good player. Sure. High Open Wipawi
It's completely gone. I don't know. There are so many mistakes that I can't see right now about the connection. Director Kang Sung-hyun of Hyundai Engineering & Construction is calling the time out one more time.
There's no sewing or connection. Let's not think about big things and try small things.
That serve comes fast, right? Ha-yeon drew it from the front, and when it didn't work, I told her to connect it from the side, so it would be nice to connect it from the side if the under-ear becomes difficult. Ji
If the receiving is shaken, it's inevitable if the opponent's serve intensity is strong, but in a way, the connection is a situation where you have to make your own connection. Yes.
Now that those parts are shaking, there is little to play right now. That's right. You must have prepared a lot for today's game, but the basic things that you prepared are not working right now. Right.
Public sentiment is shaking. The attack didn't work again.
Heungkuk Life Chance Ball Kim Hyunkyu
I pressed it. Now.
Lipawi passed it.
This time, I'll give Kim Hyun-kyung a white one again.
I don't know. Is it because I was too nervous? Or there is no breakthrough right now, but in the end, Ko Hye-rim comes in. That's right. So right now...
If you evaluate it coldly, the science and engineering student is not going exactly right now, but yes, it is Kim Hyun-kyung who is making a score right now. I just fell down after scoring. Right.
Let's move on to Hyundai Engineering & Construction's reception with Oh Hye-rim. I saved the net fight for now. On the left, there was a chance to attack Heungkuk Life again. Backtos Matteiko
My cheeks are out. There is a big gap in the score of this mistake, but it will be very disappointing. This is Korea Life's first mistake in today's game. They're saying it's okay. Yes.
Director Amondaza made a hand gesture that seemed to tell him to calm down a little.
Kim Da-in sub Jung Yoon-joo received it well and Kim Hyun-kyung from the right side of Etos.
Ko Ye-rim's defense is attached. I pierced Yutai.
First of all, it was a relatively easy goal when Ko Hye-rim came in, but she took stability in defense and made a score in the first fightback. Yes.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction needs this situation now.
Kim Hyunkyung, RishiBi's attack.
It pierces perfectly. It should be considered that Lee Bo-eun's one-handed toss was very accurate, and Kim Yeon-koung can't miss this. That's right. It completely beat Hyundai Engineering & Construction's blocking. Oh, it looked so good on you.
Shin Young-ryong got it. Jung Eun-joo.
It goes into the line. Currently, Hyundai Engineering & Construction's offensive teamwork is not exactly right until 14:6. Yes.
The carrot's fastball became a bit awkward. In the end, Jung Yun-ju's counterattack Jung Yun-ju also scored his first goal. Oh.
Are you going to save me? Failed to save. a sub-subservant
The first set is too difficult for Hyundai Engineering & Construction. Kim Hyun-kyung's serve ace will also explode. I'm not sure. I'm sure it's relativity, but yes.
In fact, this wasn't what we expected. Unexpectedly, this is the first set of one-sided flow. One more time, Kim Hyunkyung's serve.
Monner is on the left.
I put it in. Anyway...
Yes, I have to solve it. It doesn't end with just one set, but isn't it Hyundai Engineering & Construction that has overcome a lot of these crises? Yes, we lost the last game, but we still secured one point and depending on whether we played today or not.
You can even get first place.
I received Wi-Fi's sub Shin Hyun-kyung.
I stabbed it in the empty space of the central pipe, but Mom touched it.
Ko Ye-rim's counterattack is a success.
Now, maybe if Ko Ye-rim takes a little stability only in today's performance attack, in fact, there is definitely a sense of stability in Missive and defense than Jung Ji-hoon.
I looked at the positions of the blockers and turned them in a straight line.
Cosmateiko scored as Jung Hyun-joon fell to veterans' bases.
The problem is this. Now, Matake's offense depends on whether Jung Ji-hoon is in front or not. Heungkuk Life is leading by 16 to 88 points. This is Incheon.
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture.
The real furniture that you can tell by touching it. Real furniture by people who know something.
Hypers
Before today's game, coach Kang Sung-hyun also said that the reason why Jung Ji-yoon is starting is because Matteiko's height is a little conscious now.
Right. Since we're the first team, it's hard to release Matteiko too much. That's what I'm thinking. Yes, Kim Hyun-kyung is already 5 points ahead, and she's got serve points.
As expected, Kim Yeon-kyung is leading the flow well from the beginning. I'm scared of Kim Hyun-kyung, but they say she's cute. It's scary and really scary inside the coat. He's so good to our fans.
Kim Su-ji's serve, Oma long, went inside the fusic. First of all, it's 16 to 88 points.
It's fortunate that the player is being released little by little. Yes, I poked it deep toward seat 5.
Yang Hyojin's sub Shim Hyunkyung.
I got Jung Hyun-joo. Wipawi caught up. Kim Dahee turning it high.
Lee Gong-eun once again fought back against Yang Hyo-jin's dig and Moma Yang Hyo-jin, who made two digs. Now, the counterattack might be a bit disappointing. Now, Moma's formula is a bit disappointing.
The reason why Ko Ye-rim went in is that this heretical connection has come up exactly right now. I rolled it up well with a pulse point, but it didn't exactly hit the line. I think so. I'm out of it a lot.
I got a matteiko sub, Ko Yerim.
Kim Hyunbyun following me.
Heungkuk Life Insurance Takes Chance to Fight Back
For sure, a pitch player is very stable when he moves and has power on the ball. Yes.
At the beginning of the first set of Hyundai Engineering & Construction, I couldn't use my strength. Peach player's first offensive score
I'm out. That's a relief. Matteiko's rule of serve was a target that could bring the atmosphere completely, but it was slightly pushed back.
Do Soo-bin is putting in the matteiko position. First of all, director Avnanza looks quite relaxed right now. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is being prepared by Na Young-soo. I went in instead of Kim Dine.
a sub kid
You get caught in the net. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is also the seventh of its kind. There are so many. Yes.
First of all, the fact that Kim Sa-young has entered the center seems to think that he needs a break to reinforce the three former players. Yes.
I'm giving Moba a break. JEONGYEONJU's serve ace.
Jung Hyunjin is attacking Jeonhee well.
Since he serves so well, the score gap must have widened. I hit him with ease.
That's right. Jung Yunjoo is the No. 1 sub in the team.
Among all domestic players, it is second only to Yeomhae-seon.
The serve score came out from the first set again today. Okay, I shook it again.
Na Yeon raised it high and Ko Yerin hit back-to-back.
Let's move on to Kim Hyun-kyung right away. I turned it on.
When you look at these situations, you can't help but think that Kim Yeon-koung is really good at volleyball. Yes.
He's instantly aware of the opponent's coat. That's right. You need to know the location of the net. There's definitely the essence of touch. Yes, it's Kim Hyun-kyung who knows exactly that. This one to ten.
I put it in the middle of Na Yeon-soo's attack. First of all, there needs to be a situation where someone can change the atmosphere of the first set. as of now
Recently, there is a big temperature difference in each set of Hyundai E&C. Right.
Again, light movement attack, Park Chi-Ae.
I already felt like I was going to score from the moment I jumped. Yes, the rhythm of a mobile attack is actually very important. That's right. When a pitch player makes a mobile attack, he likes the Daegaseon.
I was aiming for a straight line. That's right.
I got Go Hyerim as Peach's sub. It's long. Na Yeonsoo covers the empty space.
Now, the attack doesn't work. Lee Da-hyun's left Hwigal revived the WeTaWi. DO SOOBIN's 2nd level Kim Won Kyu.
Then, we got a block.
Again, the four upper waves on the left are successful. First of all, Wi-Fi player also scored an attack point, but overall, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is not doing well in the team. Yes, because of that, Heungkuk Life...
After the injury, maybe Uttuk thought it was a chance today, but the first set looks a little hard. The connection itself is not working smoothly right now. Kim Hyun-kyung, exact 20th Kim Bum-pyo.
It's a sharp one.
If you hit the ball like this, there's no way to defend. Yes. It's a perfect chemistry.
There was a WeFabby player who couldn't stop this even though he knew something, but that's inevitable. Yang Hyo-jin has already moved. Yes. Matteiko came back in and served.
The reception went well. Lee Seok-gu, Shin Hyun-kyung's Dig Matteiko
Blocking bound
Kim Sa-rang, shoot to the left. In the first-place diagonal, Kim Hyun-kyung's ninth-ranked Jung Hyun-joo and Kim Hyun-kyung followed.
Na Young saved the right block. It was hard to cover the hotel. Again, Heungkuk Life's chance ball fastball scored by Kim Soo-ji.
I can see how relaxed Kim Soojin is.
I've seen a lot of people scratching like this in Abay's fastball. Yes, since I have that space, I have to make it long in the back, and now it's the same even if I look at it through a strong ball. It's a pattern that doesn't come out that much.
That's how much you can afford. 24/12 Double Score Set Home
Yang Hyo-jin's quick attack. Yes, it's falling. Even now, Yang Hyo-jin's cheeks were quite long.
There is also a feeling that Jung Yoon touched the ball that goes out a little bit.
Na Hyun-soo's serve is long off. The first set is over due to a mistake. 25 to 13
The first set is a complete victory for Heungkuk Life.
I'm not sure. Hyundai Engineering & Construction's economy is not going well enough to think that there was such a difficult history. First of all, the second generation.
I think we need to prepare well. Yes, Heungkuk Life won the first set by 12 points.
We'll be back in a little while.
This is Samsan World Gymnasium in Incheon.
Why do you know that a dodram is the first place? Experts who keep the freshness, find the best taste, and match their tastes. The first meister who makes a dodram. A dodram of taste that I like. A dodram of money.
Why did I choose?
with a variety of plans and special discounts.
Wow, the compensation is as reliable as Gangwon-do, so remember one thing. Hana Direct Automobile Insurance.
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture. The real furniture that you can tell by touching it. Real furniture by people who know something.
Hypers
Made in Korea People Who Become Symbols Of Innovation The World Has Changed But it's the corporate enterprise that's changed the world. A great company that never stops in Korea.
IBK Industrial Bank next to it.
You're so pretty today, too. The donation plan shows my heart.
From the fruit of love this winter, the fruit of love makes the world look handsome.
The women's team is currently facing Heungkuk Life Insurance, the 1st place, and Hyundai Engineering & Construction, the 2nd place, in the 4th round. The first set is...
It's a very one-sided flow.
Life has won. The records are all indicators right now.
He's ahead. Right, breaking serve is 8 to 2.
If there are eight mistakes in a set, you can do it.
There's very little you can do. Right.
The receiving efficiency is 62.5% for Heungkuk Life Insurance, so it should be considered that Hyundai Engineering & Construction was not able to shake it at all.
On the other hand, Hyundai Engineering & Construction had a hard time starting from receiving.
There were not many good attacks. Yes, there were certain parts where the reception was shaky, but even the connection...
It didn't go well and gave up the first set too easily. Kim Hyunkyung has the most...
Heungkuk Life was able to easily solve the first set as it scored seven points and Fitch added another five points.
Go Hyerim came out as a starter. In the end, I feel a sense of stability.
Director Kang Sung-hyun, who decided it was necessary. Yes.
Yes, the stomach wave is gone and Jung Ji-yoon and Ko Ye-rim have prepared the 2nd set of starts. That's right. It's an intention to change the atmosphere, and if one of the four players doesn't make it, Wipawi will definitely come back in. That's right.
Now, someone is Hyundai Engineering & Construction, who has to run and raise the atmosphere. It started with Kim Da-in's serve in the second set of both teams. I uploaded Jung Yoon Ju's receiving while sitting down. I'll take it.
After the defense, Lee succeeded in hitting back fastball digs.
It's Jung Yoon-joo's "I-Tachi Out Sloak Out." It's true that Lee Go-eun is the best among the setters when it comes to defending one spot over there. Oh, yeah.
Even now, Yang Hae-jin stabbed him in a surprise move, but there is a high possibility that he would have eaten it if it were for other players. Yes, it was Lee Gon's defense that flew his body reflexively. So if you score like this, the atmosphere can't help but go up.
Jung Yoon-joo solved the big attack again.
Kim Su-ji's serve is against Bum-sik.
You have to be careful about serve mistakes in the beginning of Heungkuk Life. Of course. In the first set, only Nateiko made 2 mistakes.
Yang Hyo-ji, who drops the cu-chi in the center, check it out first.
The video review director requested it.
Since it hit Yang Yu-jin's hand and it was the next situation, I asked for a video review of this ball location exactly on the Internet.
Yang Hyo-jin touched Peach's attack once and then it was an attack motion. That's right.
HYOJIN poked the ball with his left hand.
As a result of the reading, it was identified as a blocker overnet. Yes, that’s right.
I got hit once by HYOJIN's hand.
It was important whether the position of the ball was Heungkuk Life or Hyundai, but the ball had already crossed over. That's right.
Yang Hyo-jin's 5th sword room.
Matteiko's Mistakes
I said that I need to be careful about my serve mistakes.
Hyundai E&C felt like this at the start of the first set.
Kim Soo-ji's Matake Two consecutive sub mistakes came out.
In the end, it's about what to do next when this reception is shaken, but I'm checking it again now. Director Avon Danza has also requested a video review. It's a similar situation now. I think I'll watch it through NetTouch.
Heungkuk Life Team has requested a video review of the four touches. Yes, you asked for a touch review.
Lee Da-hyun scored by sweeping quickly, and I don't know if he touched the net in the process.
Let's.
As a result of the reading, it was confirmed that it was not four touches. Yes, yes. It wasn't a touch. First of all, we have to accept it, and we have to set the mood well in the beginning. Heungkuk Life Example
I got a short serve, Jung Yoon-joo. Undertoss Beach prepared for a move attack, but the exact ball couldn't come. I can't keep up with Rome's attack.
Heungkuk Life, who solved the first set well, is a little cluttered at the beginning of the second set without knowing something. Yes, the rebound is still very good.
Kitch checked the ball a little late and this veteran almost collided a little bit as he rushed in.
Yang Hyo-jin's serve didn't go over. First of all, the target was good. Jung Yu-jin was moving on the lapft side, so we did well to attack, but we're sorry for the mistake. Yes.
Jeong Yunju.
Step on it again and open it to the inside of your body.
Blue key The player's breaking sense is quite good today. I'm short, but yes.
Since he has such a jumping ability, the RBI in his hand at the end is slightly higher than Kim Yeon-koung. I think so.
Oh, it's moving on? Direct Kim Hyun-kyun defends. Moma circle
You're out. Let's check out the Roman legend, Kang Sung-hyun. Request for video review of Hyundai Engineering & Construction
The fully modern consulting team on the video number 2 seat side requested a video review of the in-out. It was a ball that went completely to the corner. It was the longest side. Yes.
It was confirmed to be phosphorus as a result of the reading. It's In. You did a really important reading. It was an attack that came right into the vertex. In a way, it can't go any longer than that. All right.
MOMA RECOVERED SCORE BY READING
It's out of serve. He seems to be in a bit of a hurry, but first of all, it's urgent to say that the toss is a little low. Yes. The toss he wanted didn't go well.
Roma's mistakes are already being recorded for the fifth time today. It's a lot of mistakes. Yes.
For sure, Ko Ye-rim already has a sense of stability in two shots. All right.
The posture is quite good. He said his shoulder was a little uncomfortable in the last game, but he said his condition improved a lot today. Ko Hye-rim and Jung Ji-hoon showed really good performance after the injury.
Kim Hyun-kyung received it and Kim Hyun-kyung, the defendant's paint mother, held it. I'll hit Jung Jiyoon. I woke up again, but Jeong Hyeon-joo took it up, but it grew out.
The location was quite good, but Jung Ji-yoon's RBI and ball speed were so good. Yes. Jung Jiyoon who overcame it with strength.
The score is 7 to 5 again. Go Hyerim serves.
It's Kim Hyunkyung's touch on the left.
Oh, it's fast. First of all, it's fast and high, so there's a lot of pressure for Kim Da-in center to catch with this blocking. That's right. In the end, we need to catch him through defense, but since he's so wide in angle, Kim Hyung-geun is...
I've come to the defense position on the reliable side. Yes. Kim Hyunkyung scored 8 points.
A large number of sub-momas aiming for Jung Ji-yoon's side.
Shin Hyun-kyung's Dig
You're hitting me. That's right. Yes.
First of all, I hit the ball quite a lot and hit four strokes, but it was a very good attack. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is leading by 8 to 6 in the second set. This is Incheon.
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture.
The appearance of real furniture that can only be touched. The real furniture of people who know something.
Hypers
In the second set, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is reducing its mistakes and increasing its attack success rate. First, technical.
In the second set, each team has three mistakes.
Kim Hyun-kyung got it and left Matteiko Oh, good. After Rome's defense, I handed it over for now. Heungkuk Life's Attack Matteiko Again
Lee Guwon Center has chosen two consecutive toucha, and yes, if you look at the attack itself, it was quite strong. That's right.
Now Matteiko was able to take advantage of height, right? He basically just reaches out and gets on the net. Yes, Kim Hyun-kyung's serve was added a lot.
Salim Kim Dyne Open Jung Jiwoo.
Shin Hyun-kyung received it neatly. I like Jung Eunjoo's left-hand opening.
So Jung Yoon-ji is definitely confident in this swing, so she just hits it right away without stopping in the middle of the game. That's right. It has a refreshing taste. You have to hit the attack like that. Yes.
It went very strongly into the straight line. 8 to 8 east
The reception didn't go well.
It's too close. Jung Yoon-joo's re-movement, which drops the empty space, actually, the players have to move a little and play a cover, but I'm watching it too much. Yes.
Heungkuk Life has turned the tables. nine to eight
Director Kang Sung Young, who is singing "Time Out".
It's high, but JI HOON doesn't have to bite in the middle. Hurry up.
We can't win if we can't laugh. You have to do it with that Sprite. When I'm receiving,
The first thing is to send the setter without moving, but even to a certain location, it's not a crime. I can play well, so I have to think about that.
I wish I could get ready for the second moves faster when I put it up as a two-stage connection. Kim Hyun-kyung serves three times in a row.
Kim Dine Backtos Ma Touch Arts If you go to that position where Jung Ji-hoon just played 20 b, you can actually play as a team. Yes.
A really perfect reception doesn't come out very often. That's right. That could be more burdensome for receivers. Yes, if you receive a certain amount of reception, you can continue playing.
I hit Kim Da-in's sub-net and moved on. It's my first time at Evo Peebuck.
You can say that Jeong In-joo's 20V position is almost the same. So the Bigon setter moves about a foot or two, but if you look at the situation when you play, you'll see a masonry. Let's hit him on the move. It's enough to do it. Yes.
A very neat pattern came out. Sunru Kim Suzy Kim Dahee Lunder Toss to the left, Homa.
I got an out point well, but I was out. Well, the pitch player turned around as if he had been hit, so we have to check. Hyundai Engineering & Construction requests a video review. If it hit the hands of the pitch player, the expression was read.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction team requested a video review of the blocker touchout. Oh, I raised my hand that the beach player was hit.
All right.
It's confirmed.
As a result of the reading, it was confirmed as touch out. That's right. If lawmaker Cha Sang-hyun recognized it just by looking at his face, he would have caught enough on the bench of Hyundai Engineering & Construction. First of all,
In the middle, Peach gave an autograph to referee Kang Joo-hee. Yes, yes.
Kim Dae-shin's equalizer Kitch's attack was stabbed in the civilian space.
If you can't move your defense to this kind of attack, it's a form of defense of Hyundai Engineering & Construction that has no choice but to expand its space.
Now, we need to move a little more. Now it was almost a false paint. Because I didn't get the timing, Peach attacked with initiality. Go Hyerim's two-tiered hair.
Touch out on the straight side. So you can see the importance of the two-stage connection by looking at this ball that Ko Ye-rim just posted. Anyway, the disposition was shaky, but it even creates a pattern where Moma can attack accurately. Yes.
This is to help the invisible volleyball. This is enough for MOMA to go on a free course.
I can choose and hit you.
Yang Hyojin's sub Songak Park is ready.
Kim Dine's left-hand open Oyeri is in. King is Heungkuk Life Insurance, which adds one breaking, and Hyundai Engineering & Construction needs a score battle. I think he was still a pitch player. Let's take a look.
I got it on my right hand. If you taste it once, you catch a lot of pitch players. Jeong Hyeon-joo, the 4th pitch today, blocked point, sharp serve.
I saved it for now.
in this case
Now, the mobile attack is falling in the civilian space. So in a way, it's exciting in the blocking, so you can see the other's coat more widely. Yes, the steps of the moving attack are quite cheerful.
Peach player is continuing. So these paints actually make sense. He tries to attack so hard.
Kim Hyun-kyun, Lee Si-seok, touch out, Lee Da-hyun, Lee Da-hyun is also in the tip of the masonry. Yes.
Now, it seems that we need to increase our market share a little more. It's my first fastball score of the day. Lee Da-hyun, player No-ma.
Two-ball Jump Outs, Kim Hyun-kyung.
I hit it with a river that I can't defend. I told you earlier that it's an attack that you can't stop even if you know it in the first set, but there's another similar course. Even now, Lee Da-yeon has completely moved to mark Kim Hyung-kyu.
It creates a bigger river than that. It's a possible attack because it's Kim Hyun-kyung. 14 to 12 receiving was very shaky.
Another chance for Heungkuk Life.
Kim Hyun-kyung pioneered the Kaint.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction is getting too much paint. Yes.
It's very strong. That's right, Kim Hyun-kyung. That's how the balance of modern coats is shaking a lot right now. That's right.
Go Hye-rim and Kim Hyun-kyung germinate to the left of Jeong Ji-hoon's receiving. Jung Yoon-joo in the center rear position is caught. I moved on for now.
You have requested an interim rally read. If Jung Hyun-joo didn't hit the broker's hand when he tried to attack the rear, it would be a poi-poy.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction team requested a video review of the points. Let's see if there was a blocker touch when Jung Hyun-joo attacked.
All right.
I'm paying attention to Lee Da-hyun's right arm now. The reading confirmed that it is not a point.
Because of Lee Da-yeon's touch, she's really good at holding the camera band. Now, this one point was eventually taken by Korean life. Heungkuk Life leads by 16 to 124 points. This is Incheon.
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture.
The real furniture that you can tell by touching it. Real furniture by people who know something.
Hypers
Since it was the middle of the rally, the player appeals to the referee that it didn't hit him.
It also resulted in deceiving our side a little bit. However, in a way, if you judge it coldly, the ball was already about to be dead, so even if this reading failed, the score was likely to go toward Heungkuk.
Non-Powie players have been deployed. Finally, we're done with organizing. Home party.
Left Kick Off
It's Peach's defense and he shot me with strength. Kim Hyun-kyung's Attack Kim Hyun-kyu Hyun Dig Kim Da-in Backtos Moma
I saved it. Kim Hyunkyung.
You have no choice but to go to the right. Matrico
Again, Kim Hyun-kyun's dig rally gets longer. Go Yeri
It's out. I didn't get hit and left. I really hit as much as I wanted, but it's a mistake again. Yes.
The reason why Hyundai Engineering & Construction is playing a little hard is because the success rate is not coming out from the left. Yes, yes.
Quitch serve four times in a row.
The reception went well. Kim Su-ji succeeded in defending this time.
It's a ball that went over. Hyundai's Kim Hyun-kyung is running. I didn't go under the toss properly. Take out the front part of your body and start picking.
It's been a long time since I tried processing, and Hyundai Engineering & Construction is having a lot of difficulties in connection. Yes.
In the first set, Momado had a 36% attack success rate, but it came up a lot in the second set.
Hong Yerim's serve.
a hole-in-the-hole matteiko
Kim Young-kyun's League
It fell a lot. Moma will hit you. It came and went down. Moma Moma also encourages the players after scoring, maybe because it's very frustrating. Moma's back-to-back points cut the gap by three points. Heungkuk Life's Time Out
Coach Abondaji is pushing our operation microphone and talking to Lee Go-hoon one-on-one. I want to say something in secret. When I was a director,
There were many times when I analyzed what the directors were talking about after the operation time and planned the operation based on it. I think the director is a little worried about those things.
Actually, it's a little over the top, but if Kang Dong-wook can do that, there's definitely something I can understand. Yes, but the reaction that's a little annoying isn't good to see. Right. In a better way, yes.
It's leading to Go Yerim's serve. Kim Hyun-kyung, I stepped on the left side, but I'm out. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is chasing by 2 points.
The director shouldn't get excited. Our microphone is set up to follow the director when it's time to operate.
It's like that. Yes. Heungkuk Life Insurance, which is beating the chase with Kim Hyun-kyung's score, can actually be uncomfortable for those who watch 18-15. Yes.
Kim Hyun-kyung was way up.
Wippa Irish Quick Open Spike Front.
In the end, coach Kang Se-young's biggest concern is that when Mi-Fi and Ko Hye-rim go in, there is definitely a sense of defensive stability, but yes.
There are times when there are a little question marks to find the way out of the attack, but the attack was quite good now. That's right. I took it out sharply between number 4 and number 5. Shin Hyun-kyung was shaken by Lee Da-hyun's serve. Kim Hyunkyung who followed and saved him.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction's Chasing Opportunity Kim Da-in's Choice a Quick Attack. I followed him this time.
The rally continues. Another chance ball. This time, Moma's backup Tex defense succeeded, Heungkuk Life's counterattack.
It's not easy to pierce. Back to Wipawi. Yes, it's the front.
Now, the Wipain player is setting the tone. Yes, how you score after scoring is very important, but fighting is also very important right now for Hyundai Engineering & Construction. It's a one-point difference.
Since Matteiko's success rate did not come out, Kim Daeun came in in the end.
Matteiko's attack success rate is currently a little low by 23%.
Kim Hyun-kyung hit me with it. That side.
Yang Hyo-jin was a little hesitant right now, but Kim Da-won just came in and it was okay to throw a winning move when Kim Yeon-koung was on the right side, but she hung on a little. Yes.
Kim Hyunkyung and Seo Eun.
This pie is well received. Yang Hyo-jin's fastball, Kim Hyun-kyung's defense. Again, Yang Hyo-jin beat Kim Hyun-kyung to the long side of the No. 5 spot, and then hit the No. 1 spot very long. All right.
As the defense leaned over there, the number one spot was completely empty. That's right. I read the empty seats perfectly. Yes.
Kim Da-in's serve center tarif hit Kim Hyun-kyung's Nice Degg 1 par 1 served with a fist.
Shin Hyunkyung, left 2nd rank Choi Minjoo.
Kim Hyun-kyung's Libero fell completely into the corner expecting him to hit it long, but he broke it again to make a Crew. That's right. That's great. Kyungminseon is amazing.
Kim Min-soo is now adding skill to the attack. Now it's definitely Kim Hyung-kyun's diagonal. Yes, Kim Soojin and sub Kim Hyungkyun followed. The first ball.
Touch.
Now, Kim Da-hee's center suits you very well. Yes.
HYOJIN didn't score much today.
We need to save more to change the flow of this game. Sure.
on the sub-witter
The U.S. put it up with a hard time. Kim Daun.
Dig high on this wave. High.
Shin Hyun-kyung's iced tea. I caught it with Jung Hyun-jin's shot. Yes.
No. I already knew that Hyundai E&C players would put it on, but they're dropping it to a position where it's really hard to defend. Yes, I knew it and played a forward defense. Right.
From here, you get a score as you fall into a very difficult position. Jung Yoon-joong, who is making his opponent tricky,
If Kim Ta and Kim Da-won sometimes come in and help the serve ace like this, Heungkuk Life will go up further. Yes, the serve ace exploded at a crucial moment. I hope you follow Hyundai Engineering & Construction's time-out.
That's why Rome also blocks inside. Clear it towards the line. But if you hit it, there's a libero. Right, you hit it for a long time, or you hit it for more snaps.
If you don't think you're going to use Seojin because both sides are small, you can go from B to Light or A to that hot side.
First of all, one side out is very important for Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
From Heungkuk Life Insurance's point of view, when Matake leaves the team, Kim Dae-eun always comes in. If you look at the team's play and the atmosphere, the atmosphere is better when he leaves the team. Yes.
At the same time, we won a lot of games. Right.
In a way, it can be said that Heungkuk Life is a bit of a dilemma right now. Yes, I put Kim Dine high. Mona.
Kim Hyun-kyung, neat defense Lee Go-eun, and Jung Yoon-joo to the left. The referee is asking for a review.
Video review requested by referee Kang Joo-hee
I've already decided to push you, but I'll have to see your results. The referee has requested a video review of the blocker touchout.
Oh yes.
It was Yang Hyo-jin and Moma's high block, but that's why I pushed it. That's right. As a result, it was confirmed as no touch. Yes, but it's a little off. Yes, I pushed too much. Yes, but the attempt was very good. That's right.
Han Mi-re is getting ready to put in.
While Heungkuk Life has four serve points today, Hyundai Engineering & Construction has not come out yet. It's a very important serve. Yes.
Han Mi-ri's serve net hit and moved on. Peach's got it. Move it in. Tack.
The perfect mobile attack you receive is a strong attack that can be called the standard of mobile attack in a way. That's right.
So while you're receiving it, you can do enough movement attacks like that. Yes, 23 to 20 Jung Yunju's serve.
I put Kim Dyne on it. MOA.
Peach. Today is Peach day. I've caught four Moma attacks right now. To the point where Kim Hyun-kyung and Peach said they caught each other,
Oh, my.
I think Peach caught it now. That's right. Let's give each other autographs. It's a pitch of 5 blocking points. First of all, I got a serve. Jung Yoon Soo, but whenever Jung Yoon Soo hits a serve,
Hyundai Engineering & Construction is facing a crisis. Yes.
Go Soo-bin has entered the position of Jeong Hyeon-ju.
Three-point set point Hyundai Engineering & Construction also reinforced the height by putting in Na Yeon-soo.
The serve is Moma.
Do Soo-bin's receiving ball is pushed to the left here.
It's out.
I think I'll do a video review.
Well, first of all,
The very difficult Heungkuk Life Team requested a video review of the blocker touchout. If it's touch out, this set is over.
Lee Da-yeon's right-hand reading confirmed it as a touch out. It's a little shaky. With Kim Hyun-kyung's score, Heungkuk Life also brought the second set. First of all, Heungkuk Life is doing so well.
The pitch player's performance is quite outstanding in the second set as well. That's right. Heungkuk Life is now leading the set score 2-0. We'll be back in a little while. This is Samsan World Gymnasium in Incheon.
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture. The real furniture that you can tell by touching it. Real furniture by people who know something.
Hypers
The reason we found a new material is that the amount of spam is the same regardless of whether you hit it once or 100 times. trap the amount of spam unique to Altge Cleveland in G-alloy.
Cleveland, do you know why Dodram Han Don is number one? Experts who preserve freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes make Dodram Handon, the No. 1 Meister.
The Made in Korea, which has become a symbol of favorite flavor innovation, has changed the world. But it's the corporate enterprise that's changed the world. A great company that never stops in Korea.
IBK Industrial Bank next to it.
No, I'm a little bloated. It's not to that extent. Let's not endure that much pain and bloating and eat tangerine force at once. Tangerine posel.
a cup of coffee
I'll donate. Why would you give me a cup of coffee or a fruit of love to make me look good in the world this winter? Do you think money comes first?
Experts who preserve freshness, find the best taste, and match all tastes. 1st place to make a lot of money. 1st place to make a lot of money. 1st place to make a lot of delicious food.
Today's match, which will be the biggest watershed for the No. 1 fight. As expected, the stadium is full of volleyball fans, and more than ever, cheering is unfolding with a hotter shout. In fact, Heungkuk Life's overwhelming flow from the first set.
I'm ahead of you. Hyundai Engineering & Construction had to play a very difficult game by pouring out Bum from the beginning of the game. From the second set, Hyundai Engineering & Construction...
I didn't give up and chased him until the end, but...
At a critical moment, Jung Yoon-joo and his coach started to play.
In the end, Heungkuk Life also won the second set.
Today's game is a game.
The tension between the players of both teams.
I can feel it well. And for today's game,
In particular, singer Hyorin, Kim Yeon-kyung's best friend, is performing a special performance above. I hope you'll stay with us for a short time.
Let's watch it. Hyorim's special performance.
Oh, I'll listen to it for a moment.
You're completely turning this Daegu stadium into a concert hall. Yes, I wanted to go down a lot while doing this, but I was scolded for holding it in.
If you dance, you can dance, but no. You have to hold it in for now. It's hard. I see. Heungkuk Life won both the first and second sets of the fourth round showdown between Heungkuk Life and Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
In the second set, Heungkuk Life had a 50% attack success rate and three blocking points and one serve point, while Hyundai Engineering & Construction still has zero blocking and serving points until the second set. It's a tough game right now. Especially,
Although today's mobile attack is similar to the breaking of Peach players, it seems to have more weight today. Yes.
Heungkuk Life has Kim Yeon-koung scoring 13 points and Peach scoring 11 points, including 5 blocking points, while Hyundai Engineering & Construction has 11 points for Moma, 5 points for Wipawi, and 3 points for Yang Hyo-jin.
The support of the dot seems to be somewhat low. That's right. It's quite a shame that Hyundai Engineering & Construction doesn't have the number of breaking. That's right.
Now, let's start with Kim Soo-ji's serve in the 3rd set of both teams.
Kim Da-in became a back-to-back offensive defense with two par-outs.
Hit Jeong Hyeon-ju.
Ready to fight back after the digs, Wipawi opens.
Kim Dahyun saved it. HYOJIN, go to the left.
Kim Hyun-kyung as the central rear of Hanseong Dig Kim Su-ji.
Now, certainly Heungkuk Life has Kim Yeon-koung and Chung Hyun who can give up points, while Hyundai Engineering & Construction is running quite difficult right now. Yes, if Moma doesn't solve it, I can't see the answer well.
That's right.
It was Kim Yeon-koung's first back attack score today.
Kim Hyun Gyun succeeded at 2 o'clock, Kim Soo Jin, and Tink.
It's the farm job at the entrance of the mart on the right.
If Matteiko joins the scoring team, Hyundai Engineering & Construction will have a harder time. Yes.
Today's game is a game of 1st place and 12th place and a game of a lot of interest, but it's going a little unilaterally.
It's completely shaken by the lease. Wi-Fi is hitting me. It's going in. Thank God. Even if it's hard to go, Wi-Fi was in fairly good condition in the previous game. Yes, we need to save more.
The first set is Jung Ji-hoon's Wipawi, the second set is Jung Ji-yoon and Ko Hye-rim, and the third set is Hyundai Engineering & Construction, which continues to change the combination of the upper leg heater.
Are we moving on to the sub on Yupa? Ahyang Hyojin's over and over when this veteran catches him.
First of all, the center of interest was able to set it up now as it settled down, so if you touched it, it would be Obanet, but it's director Kang Sung-hyun who checks it first.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction team requested a video review of Overnet.
Yang Hyojin's over net when Lee Geohoon sets things up.
Video reading for this scene
Let's zoom in a little bit.
If your hand hasn't gone over, it's Obanet. Lee Kwang Hoon's position is very important.
Should I zoom in a little bit?
We're listening to Round Round for the third time. Video review that takes a long time
The results aren't ready yet. As a result of reading, it has been determined to be unreadable.
Since it has been decided to be unreadable, the original trial will remain in Yang Hyo-jin's No. 5. The readers made it unreadable, so we have to accept it.
I don't know. I think it's right that there's a little question mark from the perspective of director Kang Sung-hyun. Yes.
If there was a screen closer to the other screen, I would have accepted it.
The screen is...
It's because it wasn't clear, so we concluded that it was illegible. First of all, the original trial is maintained, and director Kang Sung-hyung is in a situation where one video review is alive. That's right. We'll continue with the score of 3 to 1.
Kim Hyung-kyun picked it up, but it was shaken a lot. Put your hands on the side of the oma.
Shin Hyun-kyung puts it on and Jeong In-gyu hits it. Blutaa, you're really good at pushing and hitting. Yeah.
So, since Hyundai Engineering & Construction cannot be broken today, it feels like Heungkuk Life's attack power has been revived.
The strikers are trying without burden. That's right. First of all, there is Jung Yoon-joo who is helping Kim Hyun-kyung whenever there is a chance. I moved on. Kim Da-in received his first ball.
Get together.
Today, Beach continues to block Moma's attacks.
At this rate, MOA will dream of a pitch tonight. Yeah, both directors of Time Out, Kang Sung Hyung,
There's no other way. If you do this, that's why you put heretics.
Go high and if it's over there, make it low and put it on. Yes, push and hit. If you're holding it with someone else, overdo it and go all the way.
It's so frustrating.
If we finish with today's game,
It's a situation where we have to admit it, but we have to prepare for the 5th round.
We have to prepare for the 6th round and from Hyundai Engineering & Construction's point of view, we have to prepare for the volleyball we just saw. That's right. That's why it's so frustrating.
In the end, someone has to run.
Kim Dyne Jump Toss Cho Yerim, back-to-back hits.
I defended myself. Jeong Injoo, open to the left.
Is it touch out?
The judge who didn't get it right is reading it again. Avonza director requesting video review
I promise.
JAMOMA almost requested a video review of the blocker touchout from the Heungkuk Life team.
Ah.
The reading confirmed that it was touch-out. Now again, Rep. Cha Sang-hyun saw Moma's expression and read it to some extent. Yes, by the way, from Heungkuk Life Insurance's point of view, the game is going well.
Today, Hyundai Engineering & Construction is not working well enough to think that it might not be able to use its power properly. 6 to 15 points.
Kang Hyo-jin, Jung Yoon-joo succeeded in the league with one hand of Kim Da-in.
Kim Hyunkyun, empty space in the backup tag field. Nice league.
Yang Hyo-jin passed high. Jung In-kyu hits Heungkuk Life's chance ball to the left again. Your blocking
The connection is important. Rome Kim Hyun-kyung succeeded in the dig
Again, YUNJOO's kick.
I can't stop Jung Yoon-joon. He's really good at hitting. The success rate of Hyundai Engineering & Construction's attack can't help but come out like this, but even if it doesn't come out, it's not coming out well.
Jung Yoon-joo scored using Jamoma's blocking hand. 5 consecutive serve matteico
This poem is done, and Go Ye-rim can't be pierced to the left. Again, Jung Yoon-ju, spike, rookie, Hyundai Engineering & Construction's first blocking score.
Even if you come in, the atmosphere of Hyundai Engineering & Construction is not reviving at all. All right.
I got caught in the little one's right hand. The game is not over yet. Of course. The beginning of the third set.
Yang Hyojin serve.
Do I follow you? It's touch out. I can't catch it. With the score of four pitches, Heungkuk Life is leading the third set with eight to two. This is Incheon.
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture.
The real furniture that you can tell by touching it. Real furniture by people who know something.
Hypers
Heungkuk Life is leading 6 to 1 today, and Peach caught all 6 blocks.
Five of them were Moma's attacks. That's right. Hyundai Engineering & Construction's game didn't go well, but there were a lot of situations where the pitch player completely broke the mood when he caught the most important player, Moma.
In the end, it's about catching or drilling, but so far, the pitch player has won the fight. That's right. At the same time, Moma's attack success rate today is down to 30%. That's right. Jung Hyunjoo's serve.
It hit the head of Ettos Norma Shin Hyun-kyung and got out. I don't know if it's to keep the flow away, but I got hit in the head and I just woke up. Yes.
It's going to hurt, but there's going to be a momentary shock.
Short serve is shaking.
I'm handing it over.
Kim Da-in and Ko Ye-rim's streak is falling on the Wi-Fi. He scores, but the atmosphere on the court of Hyundai Engineering & Construction is not alive. Yes.
It doesn't go into the air exactly, but you can see a lot of things that seem like you're forcing it over.
I definitely have anxiety.
Can you be this strong? Ko Hye-rim is also chasing hard, but it's really not easy to stop her. So, I use the expression that I'm not conscious, but I'm not conscious of Peach's attack today.
Fourteen points. The pitch I scored today.
There was also one serve ace.
Failed to pass.
I really need to stop. Yes, this is my first mistake. Beach player, today's example.
Kim Yeon-koung and Kim Yeon-koung are tied for 14 points right now. Yes, ma'am.
That's how good he is. Yes.
The attack success rate is now 78% Pixu.
Open to the left. Gimhae attack.
Moma closed it.
The netwatch was pointed out.
It must be a very frustrating situation for the viewers, but in fact, the players who are playing on the court must be very frustrated. Lee Da-hyun could not avoid the net.
On the left, Lee Pa-wi and Lee Go-eun took it up with one hand. Jung Yoon-ju's Connection Kim Hyun-kyung Short Paint
It's alive.
Lee did not fit Kim Hyun-kyung well again this time. 3rd stage of the ball that bounced back over par.
Kim Suzy's part is ready again. The Eagle of Go Ye-rim
I put it on. Wippawi Blue Car
It's Hyundai Engineering & Construction that scores during the most reel rally, and I hope this will bring back the atmosphere. Yes.
Weepayu scores using a high Matteiko's block.
Sigourke Matico
The three sets are definitely better compared to the work set. Yes, would it have been a little stimulating as he was replaced by Kim Da-won in the middle?
I also gave him an RBI. Even if you support Kim Hyun-kyung and Chung Hyun-joo this much, Matteiko will play a sufficient role. That's right. 11:6 Kim Hyun-kyung sub. Kim Hyun-kyung got it. Shameless.
Lee Kun-hoon's good defense.
Jeon Min-ju's counterattack
Ko Hye-rim is waiting in the background.
Kim Soo-ji and Kim Soo-ji are also participating in the breaking. Yes, it's the first breaking since Peach. Right.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction has a Soohyun Lee player in it.
Lee Soo-yeon and Na Yeon-soo are being put in. I'm trying to change the mood. Your new face.
I put it in again.
I'm a Soohyun Lee center from Chung-Ang Girls' High School, who joined as the fourth in the second round. There was one replacement business trip before the Korea Expressway Corporation in the second round. I'm sure you'll be very nervous. Today is the second game.
Lee Suyeon, a rookie setter born in 2006.
Once you ask for a seat, the assistant referee can tell you where it is. You have to place the exact spot and then play.
The Soohyun Lee went into the Kim Da-in position, and Na Yeon-soo's position was replaced as it was in the mother's position. That's right.
Lee Suyeon's first setting.
an attack on the waves
It's Kim Hyun-kyung's back attack. It's out of the way. We're behind on the offense. Yes, so right now...
The previous three positions were not reinforced, but the setter was collected according to the setter, and Na Hyun changed it now, so the previous position is still going.
It's out of the way. First, we need to get rid of the tension quickly. That's right.
She is a Soohyun Lee player who was selected as the fourth in the second round in the draft from Jungang Girls' Middle School.
I missed Kim Soo Jin's reception.
Na Yeon-soo didn't open properly.
Kim Soo-jin's connection Matteiko fight is going far away. Touchout Matteiko 3 sets sounds good. Yes.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction requested a timeout.
Sub Lee Seung-gu, focus on your mole. Go into the show-in and try it. If it's hard to do a masonry, take it out like this.
Go in again. Go in.
If it's hard for Soohyun Lee Centa to succeed in playing,
I'm telling you to play that way because there are Na Hyun-soo who can hit a big striker and Ko Hye-rim of Wi-Fi right now. Yes, I'm sure you'll be nervous. Of course. And how big is today's game?
There's a 10,000-won crowd today. That's right. The heat of Samsan World Gymnasium is very hot, and I said something similar before, but you have to enjoy the tension well again. Of course. Yes.
This friend is doing well. League of left picker Kim Soo-ji
Jung Yoon-kyu will hit you. The car came in. If Kim Soo-jin defends like that, Jung Yoon-joo should score. Right.
The defense of this one-digit mini-blocker is very valuable. Oh, of course. Yes.
Kim Suzy serves 3 times in a row.
It's out. Yes, I tried to go deep, but it was pushed out, but the atmosphere on the court of Heungkuk Life is too bright. That's right.
Rome lost in thought in the Warmock Zone
I got a serve on top of the stomach wave. It's over from the Direct garrison.
It's a relief that the central dash of Soohyun Lee is the sentencing character of the light vehicle. I tried direct and almost scored, but I got hit by the foot and crossed it again. Right.
There's enough difference of 6 points. Way to go!
I'm going.
Jeong Yun-ju's receiving hits hard to the left.
Jung Hyun-joo is really good at attacking Heungkuk Life today and it's hard to break down Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
Jeong Yoon-ju scored 13 points. 16-9 Heungkuk Life is leading the way. This is Incheon.
The real thing doesn't hide behind the picture.
The Appearance of Real Furniture that You Can't Tell Only by Touching
The real furniture of people who know something.
Hypers
The 12th place team, which is being held in front of a crowd of 6050 people and 10,000 won today, is a showdown between the 12th place teams. 3 sets, 16 to 9.
Korea Life's 7-point lead
Pitch Kim Hyun-kyung scored 14 points each, and Jung Yoon-joo scored 13 points. That's right.
Here we go. Matake Servais can get more points. Matake can also attack and serve more often. Yes.
It's dripping at the end. That's right. The trajectory was pretty good.
Go Yerim to the left.
Let's.
It's out.
Do you check it out?
Rather than the director Kang Sung Hyun who is requesting a video review,
Hyundai Engineering & Construction team requested a video review of the blocker touchout.
It's on the left hand side of this veteran player.
I think only Lee Ho-won can know about this. It's really fine.
They're saying that the player didn't get hit.
It's not easy to come to a conclusion. Well, this is a difficult reading, but I think the first screen is better than this one.
The reading confirmed that it was touch-out. Yes, Lee Kun-wook is admitting it now. Nod your head. Your nose is going to get longer. But if it's like this right now, it's almost like a scratch on my fingernails.
Since it's the season, I think my fingers are shaking a little at the end because it's a shadow, but since Lee Dong-hoon was doing so much, I also believed it a little, but yes, I'll have to talk after it's over.
The result is touch out. It's Heungkuk Life Insurance with Cho Soo-bin.
Right now, it's Han Mi-ri's serve. Shin Hyun-kyung 20 movement attack is unstoppable. Is it possible to make a strong movement attack like this?
It's really strong.
I think it's almost 100% successful today.
I'm hitting hard enough to hear exclamations from the top, and my breathing is perfect right now. That's right. He scored 15 points.
Jung Yoon-joo, who can't turn over the serve, is Jung Yoon-joo, who is in good condition, and he makes a mistake on the serve, but it seems good for me to keep trying hard. By all means.
Moving attack again.
Ko Hye-rim finally blocks it. It's my second block today. There was one Moma player, and now Ko Hye-rim catches one. That's right. Ko Hye-rim, who has been following the pitch hard, finally catches the block. There's a man-to-play.
The set score is 2 to 0 and the gap in the 3rd set is 6 points.
It could be, but Amondaga believes that if the players relax now, the atmosphere may be over. Right.
To prevent that in advance, I cut it off as a timeout.
Ibo has postponed to the left. Kim Hyun-kyung's Fate is not here.
Even if you put paint on it, it's definitely a little different than intensity.
I'm reading it correctly. We all know this situation and play it. That's right. Yes, Peach's serve.
Cho Hye-rim falls to the left. Pierce through and listen.
First of all, Soohyun Lee continues to be on the court, and overall, he's raising it slowly without any major mistakes. Yes, I'm sure you're very nervous.
Still, I play calmly.
Go Yerim's serve, Kim Youngkyung. Tigo.
I can't believe it. The center line to the attack line is 3M, and the fact that it fell in the center means that it has succeeded in attacking within 1.5 meters. How do I block this? This is...
I don't think I can catch it either. The angle is really big. That's great. Matteiko is back on the front. the service of veterans
I'm going to the left. Wipawi Short Paint Oh Lee Go-hoon's defense
Kim Hyun-kyung will hit you.
Go Hyerim caught me from the back and tied again.
I set it up perfectly, but there were Matteiko and Kim Su-ji in the front. It's very high. Let's look at Matteiko's blocking height. It's a long way up.
Kim Soo-jin is not low, but then you can see one more palm on top of it.
Except for the light, the touch of the text is out. Na Young-soo's score.
First of all, Na Hyun-soo is scoring a point with a rear attack. Yes, I hit him confidently in a no-block situation.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction needs to move more actively.
Backsir Dewer Blocking
I pushed my Soohyun Lee to the left. I like the top pie. Scoring.
Hyundai Engineering & Construction is trying to fight back after a long time. Yes, as I said earlier, today's game is also today, but we have 13 more games left to play. That's right. It looks like it needs to be repaired.
The serve was long. I don't know about Lee Da-hyun's flow of mistakes. In fact, Hyundai Engineering & Construction has never been able to bring about the flow throughout today's game. Right.
There was one 8/6 situation in the second set, but I haven't been able to win since then. Kim Yeon-koung's serve.
Lee Kun-hoon, a Soohyun Lee expletive, defended calmly. Matteiko is done.
Maybe Matteiko will adjust a little faster in the future if she keeps taking it like this in the third set today. Yes.
I shook Rishi and I blocked an open luteer to the left.
Lee Do Hoon setting. Jung Eun Ju on the left.
Lee Go-eun is now setting up to completely beat the opponent's middle broker. That's right. Yang Hyo-jin is stuck. Yes, Heungkuk Life's match point. All the spectators have stood up.
The Soohyun Lee saved Wipawi's attack to the left. It's a chance to finish it right away. Jung Yoon-joo pushed in first and Yang Hyo-jin's attack didn't work.
I can definitely finish it. Finish with Kim Soo-ji's quick attack.
First of all, Heungkuk Life Insurance has widened its gap with second place to six points by winning today's game, and now if Jeong Kwan-jang prepares well for the game, he may maintain the first place for the time being.
Heungkuk Life Pink Spiders, who give fans a pleasant 3-0 shutdown victory as a Lunar New Year gift, beat No. 2 by 6 points.
It's our first time out since we're in the second half of the year.
Today, Seunggi and Abu Daza are...
On January 30th, the director Jeong's game...
You might think that it's a little easier.
The problem is Hyundai Engineering & Construction.
Ah, I'm not sure. Every game...
Every set has ups and downs. Hyundai Engineering & Construction is very serious these days.
It looks like it's definitely in need of maintenance. That's right.
Anyway, there was a period when Heungkuk Life was a bit shaky.
We've won 3 games in a row.
Now, let's play the real game with Director Jeong.
I made it look forward to it. That's right.
Up to the fourth round,
Since there is a six-point difference, the first place will be decided by the fourth round. Jeong Kwan-jang's game, where Korean life is left,
Depending on how you do it, do you have more time to prepare for the 5th round?
It's going to be like being chased or something. Anyway, the top three teams...
I'm aiming for the top spot in the regular league. That's right.
The overall success rate of Heungkuk Life Insurance's attack has exceeded 50%, so this makes the game quite easy.
It was easy. That's right. It was a situation that had to happen.
Especially today, Peach's breaking...
What kind of intensity of a mobile attack...
It looked a lot stronger than other days. Yes, that's breaking.
I caught Moma, the opponent's main striker.
It has completely captured the atmosphere of Hyundai Engineering & Construction. I think that's how you should look at it.
That's right. I can't help but pick this player today. Peach player scored 15 points, served 1 point, blocked 6 points, attack success rate is 72 points.
Seven percent. a great deal of anger
It means that the attack success rate is almost over 70%. That's right. That's how good the attack was today.
He's a pitch player, but his blocking shone more. I think there was nothing I couldn't do today. Peach player attack
He also played a strong role in blocking serve, leading the team to a 3-0 shutdown victory.
Especially because we caught a lot of Roma players from the beginning. Yes. Today, Peach created a foothold that was able to bring the flow of the team well. I'm preparing for the interview with a very happy expression. Announcer Kim Se-hyun, please come out.
Yes. Let's meet Heungkuk Life's Peach. He captured a very important game with a perfect performance. You look very excited right now. How do you feel?
I'm really happy to win.
Yes, today's Peach player's performance was amazing. Did you get much more focused because it was an important game today? How was it?
Yes, I think we tried to focus a little more than other games.
I think I executed the things I planned well and came out with good results. Yes. In particular, I caught six Peach players today, and five of them were Moma's attacks. I'm also curious if a more thorough analysis has been done.
I've been trying to focus on blocking since last week. I used to focus on blocking during training, but I feel like I got so many blocks.
All right. Yes. I think the practice effort was revealed in today's game, but the ranking fight is getting fiercer and the team's crisis has come, but Heungkuk Life is still keeping the top spot. With what determination is Peach joining this championship race?
Yes. It's about concentrating as much as possible during training and making sure that the things you've trained for come out of the actual game. To win the next game.
I think that's the point. Yes, actually, today's game was sold out. The fans are very excited right now. Please say hello to the fans.
Yes. It was a sold-out match, but I'm happy to win like this. I'm always happy to be able to play in front of our fans.
Happy New Year and I hope we can see each other a lot in the next game. Yes, I didn't miss the Lunar New Year's greeting. Congratulations once again on your victory. Thank you.
Yes, we met Heungkuk Life's Peach. Yes, I can't look so happy this time, Peach.
Peach's bright energy is play, too.
I think it has a very good influence on the team. That's right. In the end, you have to think that the facial expressions and positive behaviors have a good influence on the team.
Now, a lot of fans might not even remember it.
Actually, when I chose Woo Il-rae at first, yes, yes.
I thought a big crisis came to Heungkuk Life.
I believe that the atmosphere of Heungkuk Life has completely changed due to the arrival of Peach. It was a great choice.
That's right. With Beach's great performance, Heungkuk Life won 3-0 today.
Tomorrow, at the men's Jangchung Gymnasium, our card and KB will be held.
I'm sending you a game of non-life insurance. Please watch the broadcast of commentator Lee Jae-yong Castor Song Byung-il tomorrow.
With the news that Heungkuk Life had 3 points against Hyundai Engineering & Construction today,
This is the end of the broadcast.
This has been Cha Sang-hyun, commentator, and announcer Kim Se-yeon. I was castor Lee Junhyuk.
Segu fans, have a happy holiday. Thank you.
So that everyone can feel it, fly up, beautiful today is a good happy day
Listen to me even if I live in a room. a heartbreaking cry